OKTA-620012 Implement grant type update (#4251)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/main/interactioncode/use-flow.md

> The Interaction Code flow is intended for developers who want to embed the authentication process in their apps rather than redirect it to Okta. Implement it in the [embedded authentication deployment model](/docs/concepts/redirect-vs-embedded/#embedded-authentication) using an Identity Engine SDK (IDX SDK) either alone or with the Sign-In Widget.

Reviewer: We can't use IDX as an abbreviation - it was never approved to use in public-facing docs as an abbreviation. Can you please change them all back? Thanks.
```suggestion
The Interaction Code flow is intended for developers who want to embed the authentication process in their apps rather than redirect it to Okta. Implement it in the [embedded authentication deployment model](/docs/concepts/redirect-vs-embedded/#embedded-authentication) using an Identity Engine SDK either alone or with the Sign-In Widget.
```

Author: I didn't know that. Will make a note in the Acronyms list. 
Someone should tell all SDK Readme owners :-)

### Use an SDK

Okta recommends using an IDX SDK with the Sign-In Widget to implement your embedded authentication Interaction Code flow. See [Languages and SDKs](/code/) for information on IDX SDKs that you can download to start using with your app.

> **Note:** Consider using the Sign-In Widget to test your authentication policies even if you don’t plan to use it in production. It’s quicker to embed it in a test app than code the whole flow from scratch.

> For instructions on how to install and use IDX SDKs, refer to [Download and set up the SDK, Sign-In Widget, and sample app](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/). Each IDX SDK contains its own example applications with embedded authentication. See [Examples](#examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to install and use Identity Engine SDKs, see [Download and set up the SDK, Sign-In Widget, and sample app](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/). Each Identity Engine SDK contains its own example applications with embedded authentication. See [Examples](#examples).
```

Author: Gosh - how did that "refer to" get left in?

In addition to configuring the Interaction Code grant type in your [authorization server](#set-up-your-authorization-server) and [your app](#enable-interaction-code-grant-on-an-application), make sure you’re using the interaction code flow when you [initialize the Sign-In Widget](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/-/main/#set-up-the-sign-in-widget-and-sdk-for-your-own-app):

* In Okta Sign-In Widget version 7+, Identity Engine is enabled by default, so there are no additional steps to take.
* If you’re using an earlier version than 7, you must explicitly enable Identity Engine features by setting `useInteractionCodeFlow: true` in the config.

> **Note**: For typical use case configurations, see [setting up your Okta org](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/).

> ### Apps using an embedded Identity Engine SDK only

Reviewer 2: Isn't this supposed to be "embedded authentication app"? "Embedded SDK" doesn't describe the deployment model.

Author: @vanngo-okta I don't think so. Redirect and embedded are deployment models as you say, but redirect, embedded widget and embedded sdk are auth types which make more sense here.   https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/sign-in-overview/main/#choose-your-auth

> If you have a mobile or web app, use an appropriate [Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/) to start the Interaction Code flow by initializing the authentication client object and then calling the `authenticate()` method corresponding to the SDK that you are using. The remediation process is implemented by handling the authentication status responses of the authentication client object. See how this flow is built by reviewing the [Build a use case with the embedded SDK](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/) guide. When the remediation process succeeds, Identity Engine sends your app an Interaction Code to exchange for OIDC tokens. Your app uses these tokens to access to your app’s resources.

Reviewer 2: Please confirm with the fed team if Interaction Code - remediation can be controlled in a mobile app?

Author: Checking.

Author: @vanngo-okta This is true for all app types. Oddly, the Fed team said they weren't the ones to check with. "All SDK-related questions should be directed to #eng-developer-community-products" apparently.

> If you have a mobile or web app, use an appropriate [IDX SDK](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/) to start the Interaction Code flow by initializing the authentication client object and then calling the `authenticate()` method corresponding to the SDK that you are using. The remediation process is implemented by handling the authentication status responses of the authentication client object. See how this flow is built by reviewing the [Build a use case with the embedded SDK](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/) guide. When the remediation process succeeds, Identity Engine sends your app an Interaction Code to exchange for OIDC tokens. Your app can use these tokens to access to your app’s resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a mobile or web app, use an appropriate [Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/) to start the Interaction Code flow by initializing the authentication client object and then calling the `authenticate()` method corresponding to the SDK that you are using. The remediation process is implemented by handling the authentication status responses of the authentication client object. See how this flow is built by reviewing the [Build a use case with the embedded SDK](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/) guide. When the remediation process succeeds, Identity Engine sends your app an Interaction Code to exchange for OIDC tokens. Your app uses these tokens to access to your app’s resources.
```
